What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    My Reflection:You need to initialize the repository so that you can allow Git to install the metadata in the 
    directory required to run the version control system.  Without doing this you cannot use the VCS properly.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
    My Reflection: The staging area allows you to set what you've worked on in your working directory aside 
    so you can later compare it to previous commits and then decide if you want to commit the work you've done.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
    My Reflection: You can use the staging area to place files from the working directory that are a part of one logical
    change in "holding" before you decide to commit. You also can pull files from the staging area back to the working 
    directory if you decide you don't want to commit that work, or if you want to add it to a different commit.  (Just
    don't forget to commit eventually or you may lose your work).
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
    My Reflection: Using branches would have been great during my C# & C classes when adding experimental changes and 
    trying things that I was not sure would work. The branches would have let me try something new without wrecking the
    original program.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
    My Reflection: The diagrams help me visualize the branch structure by allowing me to see which commits (nodes on the diagram)
    are reachable vs unreachable.  It also made me consider that I need to be careful before issuing commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
    My Reflection: the result is the two branches and the changes made in those branches are programmatically combined
    by Git into one branch.  
    We represent them in the diagram like a tree branch to make it easier to visualize how they propagate and merge.
What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
    My Reflection: Pros of automatic merging: easy on user, fantastic when there are not conflicts, or the conflicts are
    so basic that the computer can easily resolve them.
    Cons of automatic merging: if done all the time the machine learning needed to successfully resolve all 
    conflicts would be so large Git would be nearly unusable for most people. If it just force accepted one 
    of the conflicting code entries (say the most recent one) then you could end up with unstable and uncompileable code.

    Pros: of always doing merges manually; you and your team know exactly what should go with each merge, no fear of
    computer error.
    Cons: would take forever each commit, too time consuming.

    The best way to do it is with automatic merging when conflicts are absent and having humans resolve conflicts.